1) How to write custom filter
2) I want response in camel case for every filed at global level (Which interface are using)
3) Ways the Exception handling in .net core also in Global level(not hadling try catch at method level we want at global level)
4) Dispose and Finalise
5) Find charcter the maximun occuraences. (Hello)
6) System.data and system.data.linq
7) API Gateway
8) unit testing
9) ef core
10) Version Control in API
11) Start.Cs configuration 
12) tranisent and scoped 
13) boost the entity framework
14) Parital class
15) extension method
16) why we used singlton if static is present.
17) what are return type we used from repositery (Ienurable,Iqurable,IList)
18) what is the use of async and await in c#/ .Net core api
19) which List of Api is called most. genrate the report in .net core api / Web Api ( middleware/ message handler)
20) actual use of dependncy injection in web api. what is the need.
21) actual layer in .net core api (controller -> Ibusinuess -> BusinuessClass : Ibusinuess -> Irepositery -> Repositery : Irepositery
22) What kind of delegate you used in developent 
23) Task.WhenAll & Task.WaitAll difference
24) diff between EventGrid & service bus. Why you usw Service Bus over the EventGrid
25) What kind of data push into the Queue(class,Properties,Json) & in which format you passed it.
26) what is the use of deadletter queue. did we manually push into dead letter queue.
27) what is the use of deadletter queue, how to push the data into 
28) Immediate & Deffered execution example & use
29) What is use of trigger in SP
30) DataBase/SP optimization, Profling tools
31) Func,predicate & Action example 
32) is string type value type or refernce type 
33) How the flow can going from Angular to .Net core Api
34) Design Pattern with use and sample coding. like Singleton,Facade,factory
35) Which design pattern use conside Mobile entity , We have to use abstract class,derived class & interface
36) why use sigleton over static class in depth , why when we use what.
37) If static constructor is getting failed where it logs and what happen it gets called next time
38) Use of authentication and where it validate the cycle of of authentication/autherization. we are using attibutes [Attibutes] & [AllowsAnnynoms]
    if we validate it in configure method i.e. startup class then it configure once globally but the how it decide where controller/method level using attibutes then how it works. Detail life cycle of authentication and authorization in web api.
39) how we return file from web api and what is there return type.

